---
created: 2024-08-13
---

## Freewrite


## Big Things Today


## Log
the EFT focus hour was very fruitful and opened a few rabbit wholes. Courses to take, books to read and more. The process for both LLL and growing our food is unclear right now. i might want to spend some time working on a direction or structure for these and they could be fine evolving slowly over months.

like the LLL EFT is about the motivation side of things and that is new and moves that forward well. Mindmap generation via prompt has me doing more research on prompting and well as experiments. I think it will help a lot to create a mindmap and use that to move forward on other fronts and might be able to sue that to feed to HAL so it knows what I am looking for and maybe has better ideas. Might also simply is emojis for now . Outlining the structure of a lesson plan and a course to and developing a pilot should flesh out issues, missing pieces and more.
Suggestion: structure MOC/E into course elements and lesson elements, and maybe tag on encode, recall, presenting, prepare direct instruction

On the edible forest , trying to organize all the information in a way that I can then use to design, implement and maintain the food forest seems large. I seem to bounce from design, implementation and maintenance and then there are random techniques that show up in front of me from algorithms and  random encounters which distract me. I find Ricardo a useful focus point to say we have someone coming to do work provide guidance. 

Suggestion: structure MOC into design, implement and maintain

https://addons.thunderbird.net/en-GB/thunderbird/addon/provider-for-google-calendar/
#thunderbird #google #tasks

https://addons.thunderbird.net/en-us/thunderbird/addon/tbsync/
#thunderbird #apple #icloud #tasks #reminders
